

1. User is allowed to register account without setting account's password

Issue type : Bug
Priority : Medium
Severity : Major

Steps to reproduce:
    1. Go to "https://www.englishdom.com"
    2. Click the "Login" button
    3. Go to the "Registration" tab
    4. Fill in the email field with existing email
    5. Leave password field empty
    6. Click the "Register" buttons

 Actual behavior: User is registered in the system without password
 Expected behavior: System should now allow to create an account without password

 Description ( optional ) : Such a system behavior misleads the user, because if the user didn't set his password later
 in the account settings - he will not be able to login to the system after log out.


2. Phone field in application form doesn't validate input data

Issue type : Bug
Priority : Medium
Severity : Major

Steps to reproduce:
    1. Go to "https://www.englishdom.com/ua/job/"
    2. Find the application form for the free lesson
    3. Fill in the "Name" field
    4. Choose specialization from drop-down
    5. Fill in the email field with correct email
    6. Fill input field with invalid phone "+38050555555FF"
    6. Click the "Send application" button

Actual behavior: An application was sent
Expected behavior: System should make the validation of the phone field and show an error about incorrect phone number

Description ( optional ): Phone field is very important field for such applications, because HR team should have the possibility
to phone the candidate by phone. Also, this field should be stored in the DB in the correct format


3. Missing translations for some pages for logged in user

Issue type : Bug
Priority : Low
Severity : Low

Steps to reproduce:

    1. Go to "https://www.englishdom.com/ua"
    2. Check that all texts in the Ukrainian language
    3. Log in as existing user or register a new user ( will be automatically logged in after registration)
    4.User is automatically navigated to "https://www.englishdom.com/home/"

Actual behavior: All texts on the page does not match the selected language OR / AND chosen browser language
Expected behavior: All texts on the page must correspond to the selected language

Description ( optional ): Such difference in languages on the page should not be present. User while surfacing pages sees two different
languages.

